john
wake up i thought i heard a sound
did you bring the cat in the house last
night
no i didn't i
told you i put the cat outside
did you put the dog out too
yes i did
honey i didn't sleep very much last
night
i'm very tired
did we lock all the doors
yes we did they were all locked
before i came upstairs to bed
maybe the wind blew a window open
maybe it did
i will go and check
good idea good luck
good night
police department how can i help you
hello
a thief broke into my house
did he take anything yes he did
he took my jewelry
did he steal anything else yes
he did he stole many things
did you see the thief yes i did
i saw him as he jumped out the window
what did he look like he looked tall
and older oh what did you say
your name and address was oh sorry i
didn't tell you my name
it's kathy baker my address is 777
waterford street
look at my house he took so many things
did your husband see the thief no
he didn't he slept the whole time he
didn't wake up
were these here when you went to bed
no they weren't i didn't put them there
he ate cookies and drank a glass of milk
too
but it's a good thing he did why
because he gave us a great set of
fingerprints
sorry i ring your doorbell did you hear
me
no i didn't i was in the back of the
house
i came to tell you that one of your
neighbors saw the thief
well that's great did you catch him
we're not sure but we did bring a man
to the jail my wife kathy just got home
from shopping
she can go with you to see if that's the
man
cathy cathy
i hope we caught the correct man
where did you find him we found him near
your neighborhood
on elm street did he tell you that he
was the thief
no he did not but when you
see him you can tell us if he is the
thief or not
yes that's him
did you find our things yes we did we
found them
under his
very house moment for me he's allergic
to everything don't worry about it
did you go to work today
no i didn't
i had the day off
did you cut the grass and water the
plants
no i didn't it rained too much today
did you wash the dishes
no i didn't
i thought you wanted to do that
you were wrong go wash the dishes
now
i only wanted to be a good husband
timmy did you finish your homework
uh no i didn't i i just started it a few
minutes ago
what it's after midnight
did you set your alarm clock for
tomorrow morning
uh no i i didn't tomorrow i want to
sleep late
you didn't do your homework you didn't
set your alarm clock
what's wrong with you timmy
did you forget that tomorrow's a holiday
oh yes i did
i forgot sorry timmy
oh hi honey you finished work early
today
yeah my secretary helped me a lot
well i'm sure you were very busy
no i wasn't very busy my secretary was
much busier than i was
i hope she wasn't too busy
she typed all the letters phoned all the
clients
and she completed all of the reports
and what about you i'm sure you worked
at something
no mostly i just watched my secretary
work all day
john where were you it's so late
i'm sorry i missed the bus
i cooked all your favorite foods for
dinner
and i waited for two hours
i know i'm sorry i walked from my office
all the way here i was so
worried about you i tried to call here
but nobody answered the phone
oh sorry i was in the shower
hi tom hi susan come in
was there a lot of traffic no there
wasn't but it started to rain about 10
minutes ago
well i'm happy you're here i fixed lots
of delicious food
we're happy you invited us for dinner my
pleasure
but i burned the chicken
i smelled it when we walked in tom don't
complain it was very nice of her to
invite us for dinner
hey i remember you we were in the same
school
no we weren't i didn't go to school here
no i meant in japan my parents sent me
there when i was young
i'm sorry i forgot how long did you stay
in japan
oh about 10 years after i finished
school there i taught english
wow that's great every time i spoke
english to the japanese people they
didn't understand me
did you come back to america after you
finished school
yes i did i came back here as soon as i
graduated
down
great game you played really well today
thanks i'm surprised i scored that many
points were you on the tennis team at
your university
no i wasn't i wanted to play but
i was too busy with my studies well
you moved really fast on the court today
you weren't so bad yourself
okay bye
congratulations tom i hear you opened
your own business
was it difficult yes it was
i saved my money for five years and
invested it all
it looks like you succeeded i always
believed you
could do it that's so nice of you to say
hey i hear you move to this part of town
yes and the last time we talked
i asked you for a job are you still
interested
i sure am well welcome to the company
mark why were you so quiet in the
meeting
i wasn't in a very good mood this
morning
why what happened the bank called me
this morning
and told me they blocked my credit card
what were you deep in debt with them
no i wasn't the manager said
they accidentally billed me twice for
the same month
was he impolite to you
no he wasn't he was very nice
but they corrected the problem right
yes finally they blamed it on a
computer error
hurry up all of the other passengers
have boarded the plane already
i can't find the tickets or
i think maybe i packed them in the blue
suitcase
you mean the suitcase that we checked in
at the counter i'm sure
they weren't in that one wait a minute
were they in this carry-on yes
they were i hope you still have them
here they are they were pushed down to
the bottom
great come on let's go
dill i loved the cookies you baked
thanks i wasn't sure if anybody liked
them
what do you mean they were delicious
i added extra chocolate chips
everybody liked them were they difficult
to make
no they weren't it was an old recipe
from my grandmother
hey what was wrong with bill yesterday
he acted so strangely all day oh
his boss was angry at him
why a customer contacted bill's boss
and complained about bill really
was it about something important no it
wasn't
important was the problem cleared up
yes it was bill apologized and the
customer calmed down
what happened to you i crashed my
car into a tree oh
were you hurt badly no i wasn't
was it your fault no it wasn't
there was a problem with the tires on my
car
well i hope you claimed it with your
insurance company
yes i did they accepted
all of the responsibility
ow
did i tell you what i did yesterday no
you didn't what'd you do yesterday
i had lunch at a new restaurant
how was it i never found out
what do you mean you never found out
well i ordered my
food and then
and then i remembered i forgot my money
no way so what'd you do i told the
waitress to cancel my order
was she angry not at all in fact
she offered to buy me lunch that's nice
you accepted her offer no i felt
embarrassed so
i left
honey i want you to go to the
supermarket and get some things
what right now yes
now write it down so you don't forget
anything
okay
what do you want get a couple of carrots
some tomatoes and a kill of potatoes
fine is there anything else you want
yes get a quarter kilo of cheese
okay i'll get those things for you
do you have any money yes here you are
oh before i forget do we have any milk
yeah there's a little bit in the fridge
okay you may go now
um excuse me
where can i find the tomatoes oh
they're over there
oh thanks by the way
i also need carrots green beans
peas and an onion
they're all next to the tomatoes
thanks
hello is there anything i can do for you
yes i need a carrot an onion
and a tomato
here you are anything else yes
i also need a cucumber and a head of
lettuce
i'll get this
so what else do we need we need a
kingdom of green beans
two kilos of peas several
onions and many chilies
i know where we can get the peas beans
and onions
but i'm not sure about the chilis that's
okay
i'll get the chilies later how many
chilies do you need exactly
uh about 20 to 30.
wow that's going to be hot no
i'm not going to use them all
what can i get you today i need some
milk
how much milk do you need um i need
about
two liters anything else
yes i also want a half
kilo of cheese okay
anything else yes i
also need a carton of yogurt
and a kilo of strawberry ice cream
i'll get those for you
hello mr bradberry what will it be today
hi neal um let's see i need
a loaf of french bread and a slice of
pizza to go
do you need anything else um my wife
wants some roast beef
and some cheese we have many different
kinds of cheese
what kind of cheese does she want uh she
likes
swiss cheese fine
how much do you want a lot she said get
about four kilograms
no problem does she want anything else a
kilo of coleslaw a half kilo of potato
salad
and a third kilo of macaroni salad
wait a minute i'll get those for you
i'm going to the supermarket to get some
fruit for our picnic
what should i get well let's see
get some apples some oranges
pears and bananas
okay i'll do that anything else
um yeah you might want to get a
watermelon or some cantaloupes if they
have any
do we need some grapes yeah that's an
excellent idea please get some grapes
maybe about a kilo
see you soon bye bye
let's make some seafood soup
do we have any clams or shrimp
clams or shrimp no
we don't have any we used it for seafood
pizza yesterday
oh that's right what about
lobster or fish do we have any
how much do you need well let's see
i need about one kilo of lobster and
two kilos of snapper oh we don't have
any lobster or snapper
let's have a barbecue instead
nope we don't have any steaks
what about hot dogs sure
we have lots of hot dogs oh good
i love hot dogs
hey this is cool now we can order
food from the supermarket over the
internet
really wow let's try this
what do you want how about a loaf of
bread
okay do we have any milk or cheese here
no we don't have any okay i'll order
a liter of milk and half kilo of cheese
i also want a container of coleslaw
okay let's see press
enter to send
alright
wow that was fast
what can i get for you today george um
i would like some fruit i'm making a
fruit salad
what kind of fruit would you like uh
can you give me a kilo of grapes and two
kilos of oranges
sure can i get you anything else we have
some apples on sale today
no i don't want any apples thank you i
think this will be all for today
okay
could i have some carrots and green
beans please
sure how much of each a half a kilo of
each
okay do you want any peas um
no thanks we have onions
they're on sale for half price hmm
that sounds good i'll take a kilo of
onions
there you are have a great day how much
is that
oh 512.
let's call it five dollars
thanks
how are you i'm fine what's on sale
today
today we have men's pants on sale for
only 24.99
wow that's a great bargain are these
them
yes
do you have anything in a smaller size
this is too big
yeah we have some here
right and do you have anything more
casual than these
i'm sure we do let me go check in the
back okay
may i help you sir yes i was wondering
do you have any long sleeve shirts yes
we do
right here
how much does this cost
it's 14.99
what about this one it's a smaller size
the bigger ones and the smaller ones are
the same price
what about these pants how much are they
they're 33.50
what about these darker ones they are
cheaper
they're on sale this week at only 24.99
we also have suits for sale this week
what's the price of this dress it's
42.50
do you have any that are more colorful
take a look at these but they are more
expensive
they're 55. that's not
too much more expensive
i like this one do you have something
a little less formal
how about this one yes
that is lovely i'll try this
do you want anything from the shop yes
toothpaste
get me some old gate toothpaste but
old gate is more expensive than oral c
how much more it's 50 cents more than
oral see
how much is herby white it's a dollar
45.
that's cheaper than oral c oral c
is heavier than herby white okay
just get some toothpaste whatever kind
you like
up to you
hey look at these shirts they are on
sale
yeah what are they going for uh
let's see oh yeah
19.99 each
that is much cheaper than the normal
price
what is the normal price normally
they're about
thirty dollars
excuse me
do you have any a bit larger than these
i'm looking for something in an extra
large
sure come over and take a look
oh these are nice
do you have some that are darker than
these i'm looking for something in a
dark blue or brown yes i think we have
some in the back
let me take a look
excuse me what's the price of this suit
it's 145 dollars
do you have some that are more formal
yes but they are more expensive that's
okay
these are more formal yes
they are perfect they're on sale for
199 dollars fine
i like this one but i need a bigger size
i'll get a bigger size for you
what do we need to get when we go to the
store
um
we need some shampoo and conditioner
which brand do you want i don't care
but get something in a bigger container
than the last one
we use it too quickly fine
we also need to get some soap
can we get one that smells better this
time
sure we can try a different brand
anything else
yeah you need some mouthwash too
you mean all the steps are involved
i really like your new tv yeah thanks
it has more features than the last one
really
like what it can get up to
100 channels and it has five languages
great it's also bigger than the last one
what size is it it's a 21 inch model
awesome
do you want do you want to go to the
supermarket with me
wanted he said he wanted to meet you
visit and visit it i'm gonna visit
bangkok this summer
which countries have you visited
start and started
which countries oh i'm sorry start
started what time does the meeting start
he started learning english five years
ago
invite invited
dad can i invite some friends to my
birthday party
i was invited to my cousin's wedding
party
sorry i was invited to my cousin's
wedding last week
for protect and protected we should
protect
the environment wild animals should be
protected for watch and watches
i usually watch tv in the evening
watches my husband watches tv every day
teach teachers can you teach me how to
drive a car
teaches her dad teaches at a high school
touch and touches don't touch me
he touches me on my arm
church and churches i am
i and my mom go to church every sunday
i my mom go to church every sunday
churches how many churches are there in
your neighborhood
how many churches are there in your
neighborhood
for beach and beaches how about going to
the beach for a swim
and beaches there are lots of beautiful
beaches
in my country wanna
go the wonder golden movies tonight
wanna go to the movies tonight that's
interesting what time that's interesting
what time
how about 9 30 how about 9 30
oh that's too late for me oh that's too
late for me
i have to get up early
to go to work i have to get up early to
go to work
what time do you go to work what time
do you go to work what time do you go to
work
i usually go to work at seven o'clock
that's too early
that's too early yeah that's why i
usually go to bed at 10
and get up at 6 00 to get ready for work
what are you wearing i'm wearing a
t-shirt and jeans
what is your brother wearing he's
wearing a shirt
in pants or in this situation
jeans or pants you can also
say i'm wearing a t-shirt
and a pair of jeans
okay but known as a pair of jeans
he's wearing a shirt and a pair
of pants okay now
how many jackets do you have i have
three jackets
how many pairs of shorts does your mom
have
she has five pairs of shoes now one more
time
do you like wearing jumpsuits yes i do i
usually wear jumpsuits when i go
out no i don't i don't really like
jumpsuits they are inconvenient
what do you usually wear when you're at
work i always
wear uniform when i'm at work it's
compulsory
why do you enjoy wearing when you're at
home i enjoy wearing pajamas because
they're
comfortable what are you gonna wear to
the wedding party
i'm gonna wear an evening gal okay
remember this is e
a vowel letter you have to say
and not uh not an evening gal you have
to say
an evening gal usually for
remember this one this is yourself
and we usually if we write the words if
you see
the letter here j that is
just out okay for example this is
job job right
j job this one
project can you see the j
project project
this one hodge hodge
hey now for d u when d
u to get go together usually
they are pronounced for example
adjudication education
education this one
individual individual
individual can you see 2d here
d with i that is that is d
and d u that is j okay so
individual individual
this one graduate
graduate grad remember grad
graduate graduate
ge together we pronounce
for example generation ge
gen generation this one
dangerous danger dangerous
dangerous this one ge
gene gene so again
generation generation
dangerous gene
now for g y sorry g
i g i together we also
pronounce this as j
engineer n
g near engineer
this one religion
religion
religion okay we we stress
at the word lee
religion religion this one
ginger can you see gi
and ge here so they pronounce
ginger ginger
okay ginger engineer
religion
and this is
g e at the end okay remember number
three g
e any places at the beginning or
at the middle something like that but
g e here at the end okay like
orange orange every time when you see
g e at the end of the word these
two letters g e will be pronounced j
okay so orange
orange this one
knowledge this one
h h
and g y at the end we pronounce these
two letters
g g so
energy energy
technology technology
biology